[OSDOCS#18857]: Added a new module for Fencing Validator script (#110148)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/transport-mode-for-fencing-validator-script.adoc

//Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// *installing/installing_two_node_cluster/installing_tnf/install-post-tnf.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="transport-mode-for-fencing-validator-script_{context}"]
= Transport mode for fencing validator script

[role="_abstract"]
The `fencing_validator` script connects to control-plane nodes to run validation commands. Use the `--transport` flag or the `TRANSPORT` environment variable to define the connection method.

The `--transport` flag supports the following options:

> * `auto`: This is the default option. The script first attempts `SSH` to both nodes. If `SSH` succeeds, it uses `SSH` for the session. If `SSH` fails, it falls back to `ocdebug`. If neither works on both nodes, the script exits with an error.

Reviewer: Isn't it 

```suggestion
* `auto`: This is the default option. The script first attempts `SSH` to both nodes. If `SSH` succeeds, it uses `SSH` for the session. If `SSH` fails, it falls back to `oc debug`. If neither works on both nodes, the script exits with an error.
```

* `ssh`: This option uses `SSH` to connect as the user defined by `--user`. The `--user` value defaults to `core`.

** Permissions: Requires passwordless `sudo` access on all nodes.

** Automation: The script runs in `BatchMode`, disables interactive prompts, and skips host-key checking.

** Authentication: Use the `--ssh-key` flag to provide a specific SSH key for all connections.

> * `ocdebug`: Connects by running the following command against each node: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `oc debug`: Connects by running the following command against each node: 
```

> * `- ocdebug`: Connects by running the following command against each node: 

Reviewer 2: shouldn't this be
```suggestion
* `ocdebug`: Connects by running the following command against each node: 
```

> * `- ocdebug`: Connects by running the following command against each node: 

Reviewer 2: This is already introduced in the reference table. Some pieces of information are repeated.

Author: This section is the detailed description for the --transport option specified at https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/110148/changes#r3263934013. I added a sentence in the table: 
 For more information, see "Transport mode for fencing validator script" to give readers the better idea.
